Change quickstarts to use new secrets format (#137)
spiceai/quickstarts: rds-postgresql/README.md

![Screenshot](./aws-rds.png)

> **Step 3.** Edit the `spicepod.yaml` file in this directory and replace `[remote_table_path]` with the path to the remote table to be accelerated, `[local_table_name]` with your desired name for the locally accelerated table, and the `[pg_host]` and `[pg_port]` params with the connection parameters from your AWS RDS instance. The `[pg_user]` should be set to the username for the RDS instance. The `[pg_db]` should be set to the name of the database in the RDS instance. The `PG_PASS` environment variable should be set to the password for the RDS instance. This can be specified on the command line when running the Spice runtime, or in a `.env` file in the same directory as `spicepod.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 3.** Edit the `spicepod.yaml` file in this working directory and replace `[remote_table_path]` with the path to the remote table to be accelerated, `[local_table_name]` with the desired name for the locally accelerated table, and the `[pg_host]` and `[pg_port]` params with the connection parameters from the AWS RDS instance. The `[pg_user]` should be set to the username for the RDS instance. The `[pg_db]` should be set to the name of the database in the RDS instance. The `PG_PASS` environment variable should be set to the password for the RDS instance. Environment variables can be specified on the command line when running the Spice runtime, or in a `.env` file in the same directory as `spicepod.yaml`.
```

```bash
echo "PG_PASS=<password>" > .env
```

See the [datasets reference](https://docs.spiceai.org/reference/spicepod/datasets) for more dataset configuration options and [PostgreSQL Data Connector](https://docs.spiceai.org/data-connectors/postgres) for more options on configuring a PostgreSQL Data Connector.

> To securely store your RDS password, see [Secret Stores](https://docs.spiceai.org/components/secret-stores)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To securely store the RDS password, see [Secret Stores](https://docs.spiceai.org/components/secret-stores)
```
